Mind the indentation. In [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML),
indentation is the main form of structure. The words will be explained below.
First, run the application with that file as your configuration:

`# lein run -c butty.yaml`

This recreates `body-main.scad`. If you have it open in OpenSCAD, you now see this:

![Just a plate](img/butty/min.png)

⤤ That’s a mounting plate for a single key. It will be the heart of Butty.

Each part of the YAML file you have created helps Butty in the following way:

`key-clusters` → `main` → `anchoring` → `extrinsic-offset` is a parameter. It
is nested, three deep, in sections of parameters. The way we use it here, it
elevates the main key cluster by 10 mm, which is more than enough to clear the
ground. The key cluster’s name (`main`) is built into the application. Options
for anchoring are explained [here](options-anchoring.md).

`by-key` → `parameters` → `plate` → `use-key-style` tells the application to
base the size of each key mounting plate on the style of the key, so that the
plate is large enough for an ordinary 1 u keycap and mechanical switch. We have
not explicitly defined a key style in `butty.yaml`, but again, there is one
built in. By the way, the `by-key` section got its name because it allows you
to make exceptions for specific parts of the keyboard, as detailed
[here](options-nested.md). We’ll be doing that later.

## Using the bundled base

You might wonder why `use-key-style` isn’t always on. The application generally
leaves `false` as the default value for Boolean (i.e. `true` or `false`)
parameters. This is mainly for consistency. In the case of `use-key-style` for
mounting plates, you may one day need an odd size to fit a custom rotary
encoder or some other unusual feature.

There is a bundled configuration file to serve as a foundation for fairly
normal keyboards. Let’s try adding it to Butty, by referring to it before our
own:

`# lein run -c config/base.yaml -c butty.yaml`

In this call, the application starts from its built-in defaults (the invisible
keyboard), then overrides some of that configuration with the bundled base
(`config/base.yaml`), and then finally applies `butty.yaml` on top of both.
We’ll be using this command to run the application throughout the rest of this
tutorial.

![A plate from the bundled base](img/butty/base.png)

There is a visible difference: The mounting plate is now thicker. This is
because, among other useful properties, `base.yaml` contains the value 2 for
`by-key` → `parameters` → `wall` → `thickness`. That makes the case a sturdy 2
mm thick, whereas the built-in default is 1 mm, and we have no override in
`butty.yaml`.

## Simplification

`base.yaml` activates `use-key-style`, so we no longer need that parameter in
`butty.yaml`. Let’s remove it:
