⤤ This is the start of one tweak. It, too, has a name, which is `top-bridge`.
That name is less important than `k`, but each tweak does need a name so that it
can be redefined or cancelled in another configuration file. Names also make
your configuration more readable to other people.

Here is Butty with the start of our tweak:

![Roof tweak, first two lines](img/butty/tweak-roof-2.png)

⤤ Butty now has one piece of a roof between the key mount and the rear housing.
This piece of roofing is the convex hull of three different “nodes”, each on
its own line in the YAML file:

* Segment 1 of the west-by-northwest corner of the key-mount wall. We
  encountered the same system of wall corners and segments when we made the
  rest of the key wall. Segment 1 is past the bevel, beyond the mounting plate.
  Tweaks allow you to connect such segments, and anything else, freely.
* Segment 1 of the west-by-southwest corner of the interior and exterior of the
  rear housing. These two nodes are also beneath a bevel and are therefore
  analogous to the first node, but on the rear housing.

Notice that the rear housing is targeted with two automatically reserved names.
One of these is rear-housing-interior, the same name we used to anchor the MCU.
By contrast, the node anchored to Butty’s key mount uses the name we just
defined: k. Keys do not have default names.

We won’t be getting very advanced in this tutorial, but you can read about the
syntax of tweaks in detail [here](options-arbitrary-shapes.md).

### Differences in size

There is a difference between the two kinds of features we’re tweaking. The
key-mount side on the left has more girth. Despite hitting only one segment,
the tweak there is as thick as the rest of the wall around Butty. By contrast,
the tweak is thinner at the rear housing side, on the right in the image. You
can see this more clearly by rotating the viewport in OpenSCAD.

The reason is that, by default, the nodes of a tweak derive their shape from
their anchor. You can override this behaviour with advanced syntax if you like,
but there is a reason for it. Tweaks have a common language for joining
parts of a keyboard, but by design, they do not hide fundamental differences at
the OpenSCAD interface.

The node that hits a corner of `k` uses the same type of voluminous cuboid as
the wall around the key cluster to blend into that wall. The precise location
of that node is the centre of the cuboid in OpenSCAD.

In the OpenSCAD code generated by the DMOTE application, the rear housing’s
exterior and interior are not cuboids but a couple of irregular polyhedra.
Their smallest unit of composition has no volume. The tweak nodes we have
specified for the rear housing hit such points directly, hence their smaller
size.

### More nodes

Expand the tweaks section in butty.yaml.
